[MUSIC]
My name is Antara,
I work on the Enterprise Infrastructure
Protection Team at Google.
And our main job
responsibility is to protect
the infrastructure that all
the amazing Google products run on.
I didn't start with a background in
computers, and I did my undergrad
in electronics and communication,
which is far away from computers.
I took up the challenge to actually
pivot into computers with my first job.
That actually led me to explore
the security world even more.
And that's how it led to doing my masters
in security, getting expertise in that
area and then come to Google
as a security engineer.
A typical day in the life of
an entry-level network security engineer
would start with solving a problem.
Maybe you're trying to debug, why is
this particular endpoint flooded with so
much traffic?
Or why is this endpoint
actually slowing down?
And you would start with, okay,
let me get to the endpoint.
Let me capture some traffic
on the endpoint and
see what kind of traffic is coming in and
going out through this endpoint.
So I would typically go back,
think about the problem during lunch.
Sometimes things would click.
When you're thinking you might not have
thought about a problem from a different
perspective, you might want to
actually see how it looks like.
So you would go about maybe
doing a lab recreate.
Let me connect these endpoints and
let me try to reproduce the issue.
You might see some things in the lab
recreate that you might have not
thought of.
And you might need to actually consult
with experts from different domains who
might know better about this area.
Get their view on what the problem is,
analyze,
show them everything that you have done.
You might get your solution
just by talking to people.
It's a pretty busy day, but
it's also a very fun day.
It's like solving puzzles all the time,
which is pretty exciting.
Some of the best practices in network
security that I've learned are,
don't try to always reinvent the wheel.
There are certain protocols,
there are certain algorithms
that have been tried, tested,
analyzed, and they have been deemed secure
for being used in network security.
The time that you spend on reinventing
the wheel is not going to give you
the benefits that you need.
So it's always good to think about
the unsolved challenges instead of
trying to solve the same
problem in a different way.
I feel cybersecurity is actually a great
field to get into right now, because,
as you see, we are in this information
age where tech is exponentially growing.
Just getting into this field is just
going to be exciting because there
are amazing new challenges
coming up in this field.